(Episode 28)
I have a new goal.
I need a Michelin Star in order to continue what I want to do.
(Michelin Star is a hallmark of fine dining quality and restaurants.)
I heard Michelin inspectors showed up in other restaurants.
How did they know when they work in secret?
It's not easy to make it a complete secret.
I'm sure people notice it somehow.
That's right. I think I can tell right away.
People guess wrong all the time.
We have to be good always. Cramming won't work.
They could've been here already.
Let's be on our toes until November.
- Yes, Chef. - Yes, Chef.
(Inside the kitchen of a French restaurant in Hongdae)
(It's after lunch time.)
I want to know what he's doing.
I shouldn't call, right?
(Jung Sun)
Why not?
Let's just go.
You have an interview.
Guess who?
You'll get hurt.
You ruined the romantic moment.
I called you yesterday in front of Good Soup.
I'm telling you where I was then.
Thank you.
I'm by your side.
The terrace is big.
You'll have to buy a lot to fill the space.
I won't buy a lot.
I'm just going to replant what I have,
and get a few things.
You can buy what you want.
I'll pay for the few things you're going to buy.
I'm securing a share of the terrace. Don't stop me.
I got it.
Here.
I want to nail it too.
All right. Do you know how to do it?
Of course.
You'll hurt yourself like that.
I want to do it.
Give it to me.
- It's done. - It's done.
We did it.
Jajangmyeon after work is the best.
You got some on you too.
(Jung Sun's mom)
It's your mom.
Don't answer it.
- Why not? - Just don't.
There's no reason for her to call you.
You don't know that for sure. I should pick up.
Hi, Mother.
How are you? It's been so long.
Why don't you call me?
Because I still find you difficult.
I'm not a difficult person.
You're still dating Jung Sun, right?
Of course. I'm with him right now.
Is that right?
How is Jung Sun feeling?
He's no different than usual.
Be nice to him.
Please be extra nice to him for me.
Okay.
If anything happens to Jung Sun,
call me, all right?
Don't forget the emergency contact?
Okay. Bye.
What's wrong?
What did my mom say?
Nothing much.
She worried about you.
Are you upset because I answered her call?
Mom and I aren't in good terms these days.
I don't want you to be a messenger...
between my mom and me.
Put yourself in my shoes.
How could I decline her phone call?
She's your mother.
I don't know what happened between you two,
but she's still your mother.
You don't know everything about my mom...
and my family.
I still have things that are hard for me to tell you.
Your mother vaguely told me about it.
I'm fine. You and your dad are different.
You have different lives.
Do you want coffee?
Are you uncomfortable talking about your family?
Sometimes I wish you'd just skip that subject.
I don't have blue mountain today.
Hello?
Hello. I'm Lee Hyun Soo's mother.
Yes, hello.
I got your number from the gift you sent us.
I see.
Could you make time to meet with me?
It'd be nice to see you.
I have time today. Will that work for you?
Hello, Mr. Park.
Hello.
- Please sit down. - Okay, thank you.
Thank you...
for being good to Hyun Soo and us too.
It's my pleasure.
You gave us such a wonderful gift the other time,
so I brought you something as a thank you.
You didn't have to.
Open it.
You should open it.
Yes, ma'am.
Citron is good for colds.
I make citron tea every year for cold and flu.
I wanted to give some to you.
Thank you.
You and your dad are different.
You don't know about my mom...
or my family.
Are you sure you won't regret it?
You can't do business based on your emotions.
If you decide to cancel this right now,
I can take you back.
I won't be getting involved with you because of money again.
Yes. I hope we never have to.
Your pride would be hurt.
Hi, Jung Sun.
You have something to say me.
How long will you avoid me?
I guess you heard from Hyun Soo...
that I asked about you.
I was scared to see you.
This has nothing to do with her. Don't drag her into it.
Don't call Hyun Soo again.
You care for her so much.
Why can't you care that much for me?
Never mind.
You care for me just as much.
Add up the debt. I have to know how much it is.
He only says what he wants to say.
This is driving me crazy.
What's important is that nothing changes between us,
no matter how much people try to break us apart.
My goodness.
What are you doing?
Kyung.
Why do I feel lonely when I'm in love?
What?
I'm in love,
but I feel emptier.
Hyun Soo, enough nonsense. Go inside and sleep.
Okay.
Do you know this feeling?
Hyun Soo.
A step further, and you'd be crazy.
Yes, I'm crazy. I think so too.
(Salt)
We have two reservations for lunch. One table will be foreigners.
It's our first day with our new menu.
Let's pay attention.
- Yes, Chef. - Yes, Chef.
(I could only think...)
(I could only think of one thing at that time.)
Do you want tea?
No, I'm on a roll. I'm going to keep going.
Please let me check with you one more time.
Are there foods you cannot eat or any allergies?
No.
Would you like wine or anything to drink?
Yes, please.
Chef, I think we should pay extra attention to table nine.
- Why? - I think...
they might be Michelin inspectors.
It's just a hunch.
Focus!
Don't overreact, and focus on your job.
- Yes, Chef. - Yes, Chef.
This dish is steak with puree made with carrots...
and a bitter green.
Please enjoy.
Delicious.
Do you really think they're from Michelin?
No. They wouldn't be so obvious.
I still want to have hope.
Stars?
They're from Michelin.
- No. - There are stars. They must be.
Are they gone?
Really?
Did you enjoy your meal?
I went to quite a few fine dining restaurants, and it's just my taste.
Thank you.
Chef On Jung Sun graduated from France's Le Cordon Bleu...
I know. We researched.
Will you contact me when you get a new menu?
A new menu?
I will. Thank you.
Thank you. Have a nice day.
Goodbye.
Soo Jung.
(Choi Min Woo, BJ Investment Bank)
Are they from Michelin?
[VIU Ver] E28 Temperature of Love "I have a New Goal"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Are you done counting chickens? Who wants to do the staff work?
Why didn't Director Min come?
I'm sure he's on his way.
I should have come later.
If I'm here before him, it'll give him the higher hand.
Hello. I'm sorry I'm late.
Welcome.
I don't plan on participating in your war.
You can greet each other then move to another location.
Director Min, it's important to get the first step right.
Yes.
What are you trying to say?
I thought about...
what I can do to work with you without getting stressed.
And?
What is this?
It's an agreement saying that I will sue you...
if you touch my script.
(Business Agreement)
Wait...
Are you joking with me?
I've never heard of such a strange agreement.
If you work with me,
you'll get to experience a lot of strange and fun things.
You're way ahead of yourself.
I like your script.
Ms. Lee and I just didn't agree.
This sauce is addictive.
You're seriously ill.
Are you praising Chef On's sauce at a time like this?
It's so nice to have a chef boyfriend.
You think of him whenever you eat.
And eating makes you happy.
That's true. It makes you happy.
(Jung Sun's Mother)
- Hello? - Hey, it's me.
Yes, ma'am.
What are you doing today?
I'm working.
You should eat even when you work.
Let's eat together.
Okay.
I'm meeting Jung Sun soon.
After I see him,
I will be very upset. That's why I want to see you.
Yes, I understand.
- Was that Chef On's mother? - Yes.
He's super great on his own.
His mom is stupid. Super stupid.
Plus and minus makes it zero.
You make me laugh.
Here.
I ordered your drink. Aren't you glad?
I don't want to talk too long.
How much did you borrow?
It's not much.
I added it up since you asked me,
and it's about 50,000 dollars.
Give me the exact number, so I can calculate the interest.
What interest? You're friends.
It's scary. Don't look at me like that.
Fine.
This must be the best you can do.
You have no choice but to live like this.
You're already here.
What do you want to eat?
I studied the menu before you came.
- Did you? - Yes.
This is a bun cha. It's Vietnamese food.
It's a type of noodles. This is mixed noodles.
There's one with soup. It's made with seafood broth.
Does it taste bad?
Do you want a drink?
It's the first menu we're introducing after Mr. Park left.
I'm nervous.
I think it's too heavy to drink with seafood.
I think so too.
This one is too light.
I personally recommend this one.
It's very fruity and not too acidic.
It has a nice balance.
I like it too.
It's even better since it has a pinch of sweetness.
Then do we all agree?
Will you listen to my life story?
You're a writer.
So...
I feel like you'd understand. That's why I want to talk to you.
Go ahead.
Why was I born?
Why was Jung Sun born to me to go through all this trouble?
I feel sorry to him. I feel bad.
However, I can't fix myself.
Do you think I could change if I try?
Did you drink?
Yes, I did.
Good job.
Guess who I met with.
Who did you meet?
Your mother.
What?
I met your mother.
You had drinks with Mom?
I was moved.
I want to be good to her.
She asked you to meet, right?
Yes.
Didn't you think to tell me that you're going to her?
Do I have to tell you before?
I told you, didn't I?
Things are rough between us right now.
I have a relationship with her too.
I can't just tell her I won't meet her.
Your relationship with her...
is unnecessary if it wasn't for me.
I can't leave her out if I want to be a part of your life.
I'm trying.
Are you sure you're not just nervous about me?
I am.
I'm nervous because you were never unsure before.
I'm scared you'd give up and disappear.
I've been swayed before.
So I know being swayed will make me stronger.
The more you're swayed,
the more you harden yourself and build yourself up.
You don't trust me.
That's not true.
You just said so.
You're nervous because you think I'd give up and disappear.
Do you think it's just fun and games for me?
Why do you only think about yourself?
(Temperature of Love)
I told you not to sell that land.
It's my property, and I'll do what I please with it.
Must you take money from Jung Sun?
Should I go on my knees?
They have to open up her head for the surgery?
Why do we have to wait three months for her surgery?
Talk to Mr. Park.
- How can I do that? - Is it because of Jung Sun?
- Where are you? - Something urgent came up.
I'll call you after work.
What if it explodes while we wait?
Why didn't you tell me about your mother's condition?
I was waiting for you.
When will you allow me into your life?
You're already in my life.
How come I don't feel like I am?